Update api.asciidoc (#944)
elastic/apm-agent-go: docs/api.asciidoc

[[tracer-api]]
=== Tracer API

> The initial point of contact your application will have with the Go {agent}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial point of contact your application will have with the Go agent
```

is the `apm.Tracer` type, which provides methods for reporting
transactions and errors.

> To make instrumentation simpler, the Go agent provides a pre-initialized

Reviewer: No

[[transaction-ensureparent]]
==== `func (*Transaction) EnsureParent() SpanID`

EnsureParent returns the transactions parent span ID, generating and recording one if
it did not previously have one.

EnsureParent enables correlation with spans created by the JavaScript Real User Monitoring

> (RUM) {agent} for the initial page load. If your backend service generates the HTML page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(RUM) agent for the initial page load. If your backend service generates the HTML page
```

> [[span-api]]

Author: In line 193, following the bullets, should they be : or -. In another article I just read they were -

Author: Following the bullet, in some of the articles there's a dash used and others it's a colon. So I was suggesting here to make them the same by using a dash instead of a colon.

=== Spans

> To describe an activity within a transaction, we create spans. The Go {agent}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To describe an activity within a transaction, we create spans. The Go agent
```

[[apm-context-with-span]]
==== `func ContextWithSpan(context.Context, *Span) context.Context`

> ContextWithSpan adds the span to the context, and returns the resulting context.

Author: Span is inconsistently capitalized throughout this whole doc. It's capitalized and it's not. Which is it and then I can update?

Author: So in this use case, it would be capitalized?

[[context-api]]
=== Context

Use context to describe transaction reporting and errors.
 Built-in instrumentation will typically provide some context,
e.g. the URL and remote address for an HTTP request. You can also provide
custom context and tags.

> 

Author: Line 343, Google says Boolean should be capitalized and we capitalized it in some of the earlier articles I read.

[[error-set-span]]
==== `func (*Error) SetSpan(*Span)`

> SetSpan associates the error with the given span, and the spans transaction. When calling SetSpan,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SetSpan associates the error and the transaction of the given span.
```
